1)Multiple IBM DB2 Products CVE-2014-0907 Local Privilege Escalation Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67617
vulnerability : 1 

2)IBM Security Access Manager for Web CVE-2014-0963 Remote Denial of Service Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67238
vulnerability : 1 

3)Oracle Java SE CVE-2014-0428 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/64935
vulnerability : 1 

4)Oracle Java SE CVE-2013-5783 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/63154
vulnerability : 1 

5)Oracle Java SE CVE-2013-5817 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/63146
vulnerability : 1 

6)Oracle Java SE CVE-2013-5824 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/63139
vulnerability : 1 

7)Sendmail NULL Character CA SSL Certificate Validation Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/37543
vulnerability : 1 

8)Oracle Java SE CVE-2013-5802 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/63135
vulnerability : 1 

9)TYPO3 Unspecified PHP Object Injection Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67630
vulnerability : 1 

10)GnuTLS CVE-2014-0092 Certificate Validation Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/65919
vulnerability : 1 

11)TYPO3 HTTP Host Header Spoofing Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67626
vulnerability : 1 

12)TYPO3 ExtJS 'flash file' Cross Site Scripting Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67623
vulnerability : 1 

13)TYPO3 Backend Subcomponent Unspecified Cross Site Scripting Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67625
vulnerability : 1 

14)TYPO3 Authentication Subcomponent Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67627
vulnerability : 1 

15)TYPO3 Extbase Framework Information Disclosure Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67624
vulnerability : 1 

16)Apache Struts ClassLoader Manipulation CVE-2014-0114 Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67121
vulnerability : 1 

17)TYPO3 Session Hijacking Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67629
vulnerability : 1 

18)Oracle Java SE CVE-2013-5825 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/63101
vulnerability : 1 

19)Oracle Java SE CVE-2013-5849 Remote Security Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/63106
vulnerability : 1 

20)GNU Libtasn1 'asn1_read_value_type()' Function Denial of Service Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67748
vulnerability : 1 

21)GNU Libtasn1 CVE-2014-3468 Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67745
vulnerability : 1 

22)GnuTLS  'gnutls_handshake.c' Memory Corruption Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67741
vulnerability : 1 

23)Apache Struts ClassLoader Manipulation Incomplete Fix Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67064
vulnerability : 1 

24)Apache Struts ClassLoader Manipulation CVE-2014-0094 Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/65999
vulnerability : 1 

25)policycoreutils seunshare CVE-2014-3215 Local Privilege Escalation Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67341
vulnerability : 1 

26)Oracle Java SE TTF Font Parsing Remote Code Execution Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/64894
vulnerability : 1 

27)Apache Struts 'getClass()' Method Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67081
vulnerability : 1 

28)Apache Struts 'CookieInterceptor' Security Bypass Vulnerability
http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/67218
vulnerability : 1 

